Add support for Cloud Run v2 jobs (#1954)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-foundation-fabric: modules/cloud-run-v2/README.md

# Cloud Run Module

> Cloud Run management, with support for IAM roles and Eventarc trigger creation supporting both: service and jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Run Services and Jobs, with support for IAM roles and Eventarc trigger creation.
```

  source     = "./fabric/modules/cloud-run-v2"
  project_id = var.project_id
  name       = "hello"
  region     = var.region
  containers = {
    hello = {
      image = "us-docker.pkg.dev/cloudrun/container/hello"
    }
  }
  vpc_connector_create = {

>     ip_cidr_range = "10.10.10.0/28"

Reviewer: Yeah, we should be consistent in examples too
